`Shoot` Deletion with 👀+👀 Principle (#9680)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/apiserver_admission_plugins.md

_(enabled by default)_

This admission controller reacts on `DELETE` operations for `Project`s, `Shoot`s, and `ShootState`s.
It validates that the respective resource is annotated with a deletion confirmation annotation, namely `confirmation.gardener.cloud/deletion=true`.
Only if this annotation is present it allows the `DELETE` operation to pass.
This prevents users from accidental/undesired deletions.
In addition, it applies the "four-eyes principle for deletion" concept if the `Project` is configured accordingly.
Find all information about it [in this document](../usage/projects.md#four-eyes-principle-for-resource-deletion).

> In addition, this admission controller reacts on `CREATE` or `UPDATE` operations for `Shoot`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, this admission controller reacts on `CREATE` or `UPDATE` operations for `Shoot`s.
```
